One can not really follow Jesus when he is burdened by things; because, if the heart is full of b ... https://t.co/Ha018m6aLb
This week, the Church invites us to ask ourselves: How would I like the Lord to find me when he calls me? #Santa Marta
Let us ask the Lord for the grace of generosity, which enlarges our hearts and leads us to magnanimity. #Santa Marta
While the great ones of the Earth build "thrones" for their own power, God chooses an uncomfortable throne, the cross, ... https://t.co/ZsNYmZNY52
Nobody can survive without mercy, we all need forgiveness.
Man and woman carry within themselves the image of God and are the object of their infinite love, whatever the condition ... https://t.co/CJyDiujOw8
In the eyes of God human life is valuable, sacred and inviolable. Nobody can despise the life of others or their own.
May the Virgin Mary help us to follow Jesus with joy through the way of service, the royal road that leads to Heaven.
On the occasion of the World Day of Fishing, which is celebrated today, let us pray for all the sailors and promote an effort ... https://t.co/pFamBEGmBX
Fidelity is the characteristic of a free, mature, responsible human relationship.
You can not love alone when it "suits"; love manifests itself precisely beyond one's own convenience, which ... https://t.co/AoicNtCBWh
Let us ask for the grace to open the eyes and the heart to the poor, to listen to their cry and respond to their needs ... https: // t.co / DDWy2QDIbD
Nobody can be deceived thinking: «I am good because I do not do anything bad». To be of Jesus it is not enough to do nothing wrong ... https://t.co/gautbAGdD9
Do not follow Jesus alone when you feel like it, look for him every day: find in Him the God who always loves you, the meaning of ... https://t.co/wdLtCjUcMD
"The Kingdom of God is among you." It is not spectacular. It grows silently, secretly, through the testimony ... https://t.co/33SNqFmLoy
Jesus does not conform to a "percentage of love": we can not love him at twenty, fifty or sixty percent. Or all or nothing.
The first step to knowing Jesus Christ is to recognize our own misery, the need to be saved.
Let us pray today for the bishops, so that they may always be as Saint Paul asks them to be: humble, affable, servants. #Santa Marta
Sunday is a holy day for us, sanctified by the celebration of the Eucharist, the living presence of the Lord ... https://t.co/7o2ZCC6rCG
The scientific community is called today to constitute a leadership that indicates solutions for sustainable development ... https://t.co/r0LAQUHnWw
Where there is sin there is also the merciful Lord God who forgives you if you address Him. #SantaMarta
May the Lord make us understand the logic of the Gospel: proclaim mercy with the testimony. #Santa Marta
Praying means knocking on a friend's door. God is our friend.
https://t.co/kQAukshQhV
Jesus calls us to celebrate with him, to be with him, to change his life.#Santa Marta
Let us strive, with prayer and action, to ward off violence from the heart, from words and gestures ... https://t.co/7DlDLzFkm0
Jesus has loved us for free. The Christian life consists in imitating the gratuitous love of Jesus. #Santa Marta
The Sunday Mass is at the center of the life of the Church: there we meet the risen Lord, we listen to his ... https://t.co/xEVuM3L0hd
God is faithful, and our hope in Him is like a well-anchored anchor in Heaven.
Jesus has taken the last word to death: whoever believes in Him will be transfigured by the merciful love of ... https://t.co/qO97cmWEhi
Today we celebrate the feast of holiness. Let us strengthen the bonds of love and communion with all the saints who have already ... https://t.co/Pfb1li1aHu
We need smiling Christians, not because they take things lightly, but because they are rich with the joy of ... https://t.co/VhAOhcy1m1
If you want to hear the voice of the Lord, get going, live in search. The Lord speaks to whoever is in search.
We are called to listen to what the Spirit suggests. The Holy Spirit is always new.
Thanks to all of you who have participated in this "walk together". May the Lord bless our steps, so that ... https://t.co/XZVaTL4irS
Faith is life: it is living the love of God that has changed our existence. Faith is a matter of encounter, not ... https: // t.co / LkQUmpO639
I would like to tell young people: Excuse us if we have not often heard you; yes, instead of opening your c ... https://t.co/0lfk2bxF8v
The future you have to do with your hands, with your heart, with your love, with your passions, with your dreams. With the rest.
St. Paul gives us a very practical advice to preserve unity: "Give each other love." #Santa Marta
It would be good that every day, at some point, we could say: "Lord, let me know you and know me". #Santa Marta
Health is not a consumer good but a universal right. Let's join our efforts so that the sanitary services ... https://t.co/nx3Bqw6lAe
This Synod wants to be a sign of the Church that is truly listening and that does not always have an answer ... https://t.co/w8NBYNJmhy
Hope is not an idea, it is an encounter. Like the woman who hopes to find the child that will be born from her womb. #Santa Marta
May the company of the saints help us to recognize that God never abandons us, so that we can live and witness ... https://t.co/fLcxdXAvsZ
Join Caritas and walk a million kilometers with migrants and refugees. We all go the way of E ... https://t.co/tIZR5PmZbS
The transmission of faith, the heart of the mission of the Church, is carried out through the "contagion" of love. #Missio https://t.co/vfLfyPUGUH
God can act in any circumstance, also in the midst of apparent failures.The leaven of the Christians is the Holy Spirit, which makes us grow in spite of all the difficulties of the path ... https://t.co/V68zSnew7a
The way of the disciple is poverty: the disciple is poor, because his wealth is Jesus. #Santa Marta
From listening to the Word of God we get the courage and perseverance necessary to offer the best of ourselves to others.
Open your heart and let the grace of the Lord enter. Salvation is a gift, not an external way of presenting ourselves. #Santa Marta
https://t.co/OoRiDvq2SI
The world needs saints, and all of us, without exception, are called to holiness. Let's not be afraid!
Beware of the risk of being actors rather than witnesses. We are called to be living memory of the Lord.
What is worse, the recognizable demon that pushes you to sin in such a way that you are ashamed, or the educated demon that ... https://t.co/omSsYQ0s9j
Praying is not like using a magic wand. Prayer requires effort, perseverance and determination. #Santa Marta
The novelty of the Gospel transforms us inside and out: the spirit, the soul, the body, daily life.
Devote time to be before the Lord in contemplation and do everything possible for the Lord at the service of others ... https://t.co/VXdgm3B2SZ
Each one of us is the wounded man and Jesus, the Samaritan who approaches and heals us. #Santa Marta
# VirginDelRosario # PrayForTheChurch https: // t.co / F67XTzvAkl
Let us ask the Lord for the gifts of dialogue and patience, of the closeness and welcome that he loves, forgives and does not condemn.
Let us ask the Holy Spirit to open to us the doors of the heart, so that Jesus can enter to bring us ... https://t.co/dCsrGPgIWJ
In a decisive moment of his youth, Saint Francis of Assisi read the Gospel. Also today the Gospel allows you ... https://t.co/QwDU22ufh0
Let us ask for the grace to listen to one another to discern together what the Lord is asking ... https://t.co/97lxZR4Wa6
The presence of the Guardian Angel in our life is not only to help us along the way, but also to show us ... https://t.co/MIRwmDXuEN
Under your protection we welcome you, holy Mother of God; do not dismiss the pleas that we address in our needs ... https://t.co/6WoAnnpnc4
The holy restlessness for the Gospel is the only concern that gives peace.
Sunday is the day to say to God: Thank you Lord for life, for your mercy, for all your gifts!
Saint Michael, help us fight for our salvation. San Gabriel, bring us the good news that gives hope. San Ra ... https://t.co/PUK3C8iZC9
Life becomes more beautiful when we discover that our soul rests solely on God.
Jesus has given us a simple program to walk towards holiness: the commandment of love for God and neighbor.
I hope that in China a new phase can be opened that helps to heal the wounds of the past, to restore and maintain ... https: // t.co / hnmcu67SOh
Pray that in the world, development programs will prevail and not those dedicated to armaments.
The Lord brings good from evil with his power and his infinite creativity.
Let the Holy Spirit review us with the weapons of dialogue, of understanding, of the search for respect ... https://t.co/Ixn8L31VSj
Let's donate our lives with joy in the service, to let everyone know that Jesus Christ is our only hope!
May the testimony of St. Pio of Pietrelcina encourage us to live the Beatitudes through prayer and works of mercy.
Peace is chosen, it can not be imposed and it is not found by chance.
If you want to reach the heart of God, take the path of mercy and let yourself be treated with mercy. #Santa Marta
Let us ask Jesus to always protect our Church, to protect her with his mercy, giving his forgiveness to each one of us. #Santa Marta
Good is loving and never imposes itself. Is chosen.
Humble and meek in heart, close to people with compassion, meekness and tenderness. This is Jesus. #Santa Marta
Always doing good requires effort ... The path of holiness is not for the lazy!
Let us face climate change through international cooperation: each one's decisions have an impact on the lives of all.
Only by giving life is evil defeated. Don Pino Puglisi taught it to us: he lived to sow good.
In the suffering that the ecclesial wounds give us, let us hold on tightly to the Cross of Christ, because evil ... https: // t.co / h8SNdaVNcM
Today the Church invites us to contemplate the cross of the Lord. For Christians to contemplate the cross is to contemplate the ... https://t.co/JLi98onAUE
When I am merciful, I am a true son of the Father, because the Father is merciful. #Santa Marta
Mary, our Mother, knows the joys and hardships that we experience on our way.
Jesus came down to earth to make us ascend to heaven: this is the mystery of the Cross.
Let us get involved in a love relationship with Jesus and we will be able to do good works that leave the smell of the Gospel.
God never takes a step back with his love!
May the Virgin Mary help us to abandon ourselves with joy to the design that God has for our life.
Without the right to education there is no full freedom, which is what allows each person to be an actor of their own destiny!
Remember that the more you give to others, the more you will receive yourselves and be happy!
Bring peace with you to give to others with your life, with a smile, with works of charity. Sant ... https://t.co/0TZURGsDdj
Faith helps us to understand the meaning of life: God is with us and loves us infinitely.
True peace is a gift from God; it springs from healed and reconciled hearts and extends to embrace the whole world.
May the love of God become more and more the force that attracts and guides our freedom.
Lord, increase in us the care for the common home, especially for the water, very primary that we owe your ... https: // t.co / 6y9mRHV03f
The charity of Christ, welcomed with an open heart, changes us, transforms us, makes us capable of loving.
We Christians do not have a product to sell but a life to communicate.
Prayer is the first missionary work of every Christian, and it is also the most effective.
If the Lord has given you riches, it is to make others, in his name, many good works.
Dear mommies: like Santa Monica, do not ever be discouraged; Pray tirelessly for your children.
May the blessing of God descend upon all your families, so that in them love and forgiveness may be experienced.
I ask our Blessed Mother to intercede for the healing of all victims who have suffered abuses of any kind ... https://t.co/vEMMA8Dz8k
"Is not there anything really important that lasts? Not even love? " Love is what God dreams for us ... https://t.co/IogmHMWSLx
Our world needs a revolution of love. May this revolution begin from you and from your families.
The #family is an icon of God: the alliance between a man and a woman generates life and communion.
The #family is the cradle of life and the school of welcome and love; it is a window wide open to the mystery of God.
Let's take care of the #family: that's where our future lies.
The #family is a workshop of hope.
Today, in Dublin, the World Encounter of the #Families will begin. Let us unite in prayer for all the families of the world ... https: // t.co / gl70oFi9ef
May the Holy Spirit give us the grace of conversion and interior anointing to be able to express, in the face of crimes ... https://t.co/IjMsNcdl0A
The Eucharist, Jesus Bread of life, is the beating heart of the Church and regenerates in us the dynamism of love.
Love overcomes the difficulty; Love makes us move forward.
Who receives the love of God transforms the world and history.
Faith is nourished by memory: how many beautiful things God has done for each one of us! How generous our heavenly Father is!
May Mary, Mother of tenderness and closeness, be our Teacher of life and faith.
Today there are also many martyrs, many persecuted for the love of Christ: They are the true strength of the Church!
Thanks to the gift of the Eucharist, our life also becomes "bread broken" for our brothers.
In silence we learn to contemplate the work of God, which surpasses everything we can imagine.
Those who place themselves at the service of the weakest brothers experience the joy of selfless love.
The Kingdom of God grows in the world in a mysterious, surprising way, with the power of the little seed.
Evil tries to persuade us that death is the end of everything; but the Risen Christ opens to us a horizon of eternal life.
Jesus reveals to us that the Face of God is love.
The ascension of the disciples to Mount Tabor invites us to separate ourselves from worldly things in order to contemplate Jesus.The Eucharist is the "reservation" of paradise; It is Jesus who guides us on our way to eternal life.
Support your priests with closeness and affection.
The Christian life is, above all, the grateful response to a generous Father.
Charity is the most effective witness, because it reveals to men the love of God.
In the Church, we all have the responsibility to sanctify ourselves by caring for others.
In order to help others we need personal encounters with God: moments of prayer and listening to his Word.
Let's hear the cry of so many brothers exploited through criminal trafficking: they are not merchandise, they are hum ... https://t.co/3o3GIbKf12
Holiness does not only concern the spirit, but also the feet that lead us to the brothers and the hands with which we help them.
Grandparents are a treasure in the family. Please take care of the grandparents, love them, have them talk to the children!
Prayer is never in vain: it always brings forth something new that sooner or later produces fruit.
God wants us to call him Father with the confidence of a child who abandons himself in the arms of the one who gave him life.
Jesus invites us to build together the civilization of love in the situations that we have to live daily.
May the Virgin Mary, Mother and Queen of Carmel, accompany your steps on the daily journey to the Mount of God.
Try reading the Gospel at least five minutes a day. You will see that your life changes.
Europe finds hope once again when it places man at the center of its institutions.Saint Benedict, pray for us!
The good Samaritan is also you when you know how to discover the face of Christ in the one next to you.
Any occasion is good to carry the message of Christ!
May humanity hear the cry of the children of the Middle East! Drying his tears, the world will rediscover dignity.
May the God of all consolation, who heals broken hearts and binds wounds, hear our prayer: Peace in the Middle East!
The sufferings of so many brothers and sisters persecuted because of the Gospel are an urgent call for ... https://t.co/fppusVJfIj
Do we know how to make silence in the heart to hear the voice of God?
The graces of God are received to share them with others.
I ask everyone to accompany with prayer the pilgrimage we will make next Saturday to Bari to invoke the ... https://t.co/A2iJev48ne
Standing firm in God, who loves us and sustains us, it is possible to face all the setbacks and vicissitudes of life.
Any material and spiritual poverty, any discrimination of brothers and sisters is always a consequence of ... https://t.co/LpWBETgcKl
Let us pray for the new cardinals, to help me in my ministry as Bishop of Rome for the good of all the People of God.
We are called to guard the elderly, the sick, the unborn children: life must be protected and loved ... https://t.co/I3tKwZ4vZm
Torturing people is a mortal sin! That the Christian communities commit themselves to support the victims of torture.Faith in Jesus Christ frees us from sin, from sadness, from interior emptiness, from isolation; and is the source of an alle ... https://t.co/rDOy454Ycc
Like Saint John the Baptist, the Christian must know how to belittle himself so that the Lord may grow in his heart.
Let us ask the Lord to help us understand that love is service, is taking care of others.
Love for others must become the constant of our existence.
Walk together, pray together, work together: here is our main path to the unity of Christians. # WCC70
Dear young people, help adults, whose hearts have often hardened, to choose the path of dialogue and concord.
The dignity of a person does not depend on whether he is a citizen, migrant or refugee. Save the life of someone who escapes from ... https://t.co/8GG8uTjlzo
We find Jesus in the poor, the discarded, the refugee. Let's not let fear prevent us from welcoming our neighbor ... https://t.co/mV4G1gR6Wn
The decision to follow Christ favors the building of a more just, more fraternal, more humane society according to the heart of God.
Let us manifest the joy of the Kingdom of God in all circumstances!
Let us share, with concrete gestures of solidarity, the path of migrants and refugees. #sharejourney https://t.co/qiJ5EgKA0K
Invite the Holy Spirit to our environments, let us invoke it before our activities: "Come, Holy Spirit".
Love is always dedication to others. Because love is seen in works, not in words.I send a cordial greeting to the players and to those who will follow the World Soccer Championship that begins today in Ru ... https://t.co/7pCX9Fho94
No one is so poor that he can not give what he has and, even before, what he is.
Do not tire of finding the Lord Jesus in prayer, listening to the Word of God and participating in the Eucharist.
Children must be able to play, study and grow in a serene environment. Woe to him who stifles in them the joyful impulse of hope!
The Holy Spirit gives us the necessary strength to achieve holiness in the midst of the circumstances that we have to live each day.
In any circumstance, let us try to second the voice of the Holy Spirit through good concrete actions.
Mary is exactly as God wants her Church to be: Mother tender, humble, poor in things and rich in love.
Let us pray to the Lord so that he will always give us good pastors: hardworking, prayerful men, close to the people of God.
The Feast of the Sacred Heart reminds us that God loved us first: He always waits for us to welcome us in his Heart, in his love.
For those who are with Jesus, evil is a provocation to love more and more.
Love for Christ is not a superficial feeling, but a fundamental attitude of the heart that manifests itself in living as He wants.
Lord, awaken in us the praise and gratitude for our Earth and for every being that you have created.
The living presence of Christ in us is a light that orients our choices, calls that warms the heart that goes to meet the Lord.On this solemnity of Corpus Christi, let us remember that Jesus, Bread of Life, is our strength, the support for our walk.
Search in prayer to your Lord, to the One who has called you.
Love knows how to see good even in a negative situation, knows how to guard the little flame in the middle of a dark night.
In the Eucharist is all the flavor of the words and gestures of Jesus, the taste of his Passover, the fragrance of his Spirit.
When the Holy Spirit is present, something always happens; when He blows, there is never a bonanza.
The Eucharist strengthens us so that we can bear fruits of good works and live as true Christians.
What is it that remains, what has value in life, what are the riches that do not disappear? Without a doubt, two: The Lord and the neighbor.
The mystery of the Trinity invites us to live in communion, in love and in fraternity, confident that where ... https://t.co/dOcJ62FPSe
The Gospel calls a life often uncomfortable, because whoever follows Jesus loves the poor and the humble.
May the love of God and love of neighbor be the two cornerstones of our life.
Today we join in prayer the catholic brothers of China, on the day of St. Mary "Help of the Christians", of Sheshan.
A Church that cares for the poor always remains tuned to the channel of God, never loses the frequency of the Gospel.
The Christian life must be invested in Jesus and spent on others.
God needs people who bring their forgiveness and mercy to the world.Holy Spirit, You who carry the Church forward, descend once more upon us, teach us the unity, renew ... https://t.co/GzMnlhbtA3
Let us never forget this golden rule: "Whatever you want others to do for you, do it for them" (Mt 7,12).
Mary lived the Beatitudes of Jesus like no other: she is the saint among the saints, the one who shows us the path of ... https://t.co/RtrAgRw7kw
The love with which God loves us overcomes any form of loneliness and abandonment.