We cannot truly follow Jesus when we are weighed down by things, because if the heart is crowded with other goods,… https://t.co/2ytHz9P5tN
This week the Church invites us to ask ourselves: what state do I want the Lord to find me in when He calls? #SantaMarta
Let us ask the Lord for the grace of being generous, so that our hearts may be opened and we may become kinder. #SantaMarta
While the great ones of the Earth build themselves ‘thrones’ for their own power, God chooses an uncomfortable thro… https://t.co/Zl2fStJr8Y
None of us can survive without mercy. We all have need for forgiveness.
Men and women bear God’s image within and are the object of His infinite love, in whatever condition they were called into existence.
In the eyes of God human life is precious, sacred and inviolable. No one can despise the lives of others or one’s own life.
May the Virgin Mary help us joyfully follow Jesus on the way of service, the royal road that leads to Heaven.
Since today is World Fisheries Day, let us pray for all seafarers and advocate for a global commitment to stop huma… https://t.co/QaLs0FU8Nc
Faithfulness is the characteristic of free, mature and responsible human relationships.
You cannot love only as long as it is “advantageous”. Love manifests itself when it goes beyond one’s own self-inte… https://t.co/n7goy8rIFe
Let us ask for the grace to open our eyes and hearts to the poor in order to hear their cry and recognize their nee… https://t.co/tSCHlKYp2L
Nobody can delude themselves by thinking, “I’m fine because I’m not doing anything wrong”. To be a follower of Jesu… https://t.co/yjIsWkCX8w
Do not follow Jesus only when you feel like it, rather, seek Him every day. Find in Him the God who loves you alway… https://t.co/xlb1Q8oSjK
"The Kingdom of God is in your midst." It is not spectacular. It grows in silence, in hiding, through witness, pray… https://t.co/u4RZJNpZDp
Jesus is not pleased with a “percentage of love”: we cannot love him at twenty, fifty or sixty percent. It’s all or nothing.
The first step to knowing Jesus Christ is to recognize our own poverty and our need to be saved.
Let us pray today for bishops so that they may always be what Saint Paul calls them to be: humble, gentle, servants. #SantaMarta
Sunday is a holy day for us, sanctified by the celebration of the Eucharist, which is the living presence of the Lo… https://t.co/hTgDmBigPG
The scientific community today is called to establish a leadership that offers solutions for the sustainable and in… https://t.co/CCs2MOE4wJ
Where there is sin there is also the merciful Lord God who forgives if you go to Him. #SantaMarta
May the Lord help us understand the logic of the Gospel, that of mercy with bearing witness. #SantaMarta
Praying means knocking at the door of a friend. God is our friend.
https://t.co/mV5lLyeMS2
Jesus invites us to celebrate with Him, to be close to Him, to change our lives. #SantaMarta
Let us commit ourselves with prayer and action to distance our hearts, our words and our deeds from all violence in… https://t.co/WTYbyAFxyp
Jesus loved us freely. Christian life is imitating Jesus' free love.  #SantaMarta
Sunday Mass is at the heart of the Church’s life. There we encounter the Risen Lord, we listen to His Word, we are… https://t.co/mobChyIIws
God is faithful and our hope in Him is like a fixed anchor in heaven.
Jesus made it so death does not have the last word: those who believe in Him will be transfigured by the Father's m… https://t.co/GyJy4YWUbN
Today we celebrate the feast of holiness. Let us strengthen the bonds of love and communion with all the Saints who… https://t.co/rJow0P0lQO
We need smiling Christians, not because they take things lightly, but because they are filled with the joy of God,… https://t.co/L3P7WruTah
If you want to listen to the Lord’s voice, set out on the journey, live out your search. The Lord speaks to those who search.
We are called to listen to what the Spirit tells us. The Holy Spirit is always something new.
To all of you who have taken part in this “journey together”, I say “thank you”.  May the Lord bless our steps, so… https://t.co/WyrwpPotG7
Faith is life: it is living in the love of God who has changed our lives. Faith has to do with encounter, not theor… https://t.co/NHSYaihwXa
I would like to say to the young people: forgive us if often we have not listened to you, if, instead of opening ou… https://t.co/UDuDH65Wq3
You will build the future, with your hands, with your heart, with your love, with your passions, with your dreams. Together with others.
Saint Paul gives us very practical advice about preserving unity: "Bear with one another in love". #SantaMarta
It would be wonderful if, every day, at some moment, we could say: "Lord, let me know you and let me know myself". #SantaMarta
Health is not a consumer good, but a universal right: let us unite our efforts so that health services are available to all. #HealthForAll
This Synod is intended to be a sign of the Church that truly listens and that doesn’t always have a ready-made answer. #Synod2018
Hope is not an idea, it is an encounter; like the woman waiting to meet the child who will be born from her womb. #SantaMarta
The company of the saints helps us to recognize that God never abandons us, so that we can live and bear witness to hope on this earth.
Join Caritas and walk 1 million kilometres together with migrants &amp; refugees. We are all on the Road to Emmaus bein… https://t.co/9j7CVAIGGO
The transmission of the faith, heart of the Church's mission, comes about by the "infectiousness" of love. #Missio https://t.co/XFROixfbOC
God can act in any circumstance, even in the midst of apparent defeat.
The leaven of Christians is the Holy Spirit that allows us to grow amidst the difficulties of the journey, but always with hope. #SantaMarta
The road of the disciple is one of poverty. Disciples are poor because their richness is Jesus. #SantaMarta
When we listen to the Word of God, we obtain the courage and perseverance to offer the best of ourselves to others.
Open your heart and let the Lord's grace enter in. Salvation is a gift, not a way of presenting yourself outwardly. #SantaMarta
https://t.co/gV4DMhl9pC
The world needs saints, and all of us, without exception, are called to holiness. We are not afraid!
Let us defend ourselves from the risk of being actors rather than witnesses. We are called to be living memory of the Lord.
What is worse: the recognizable demon that pushes you to sin so that you feel ashamed, or the well-mannered demon t… https://t.co/5KjTDcLkRM
Praying is not like using a magic wand. Prayer requires commitment, constancy and determination. #SantaMarta
The newness of the Gospel transfigures us inside and out: spirit, soul, body, and everyday life.
Spend time before the Lord in contemplation, and do everything possible for the Lord at the service of others. Cont… https://t.co/ARxqKe8Zfz
Each of us is the wounded man, and the Good Samaritan is Jesus, who approached us and took care of us. #SantaMarta
#OurLadyOfTheRosary#PrayForTheChurch https://t.co/2rw3psySOy
We ask the Lord for the gifts of dialogue and patience, of the closeness and welcome that loves, pardons and doesn't condemn.
Let us ask the Holy Spirit to throw open the doors of our hearts so that Jesus can enter and bring us His message of salvation. #SantaMarta
In a decisive moment of his youth, Saint Francis of Assisi read the Gospel. Still today the Gospel lets you know th… https://t.co/JpqHoqZG3n
We ask for the grace to listen to one another, in order to discern together what the Lord is asking of His Church. #Synod2018
The presence of our Guardian Angel in our life is not just to assist us along the journey, but to show us where we need to go. #SantaMarta
We fly to Thy protection, O Holy Mother of God. Do not despise our petitions in our necessities, but deliver us alw… https://t.co/tDwFMlFm3B
The holy anxiety for the Gospel is the only anxiety that gives peace.
Sunday is the day to say to God: thank you Lord, for life, for your mercy, and for all your gifts!
St Michael, help us to fight for our salvation. St Gabriel, bring us the Good News that gives hope. St Raphael, protect us on our journey.
Life becomes more beautiful when we discover that our spirit finds rest in God alone.
Jesus gave us a simple programme for journeying towards holiness: the commandment of love for God and our neighbor.
I hope that a new phase may open up in China, that will help to heal the wounds of the past, restore and maintain f… https://t.co/M2GqRbUdCC
Let us pray that programmes for development may predominate in the world, and not those for weapons.
The Lord draws good out of evil through His power and His infinite creativity.
Let us allow the Holy Spirit to clothe us with the weapons of dialogue, understanding, the search for mutual respect and fellowship!
Let us offer our lives in service and in joy, to make known to everyone that Jesus Christ is our only hope!
The witness of St Padre Pio of Pietrelcina encourages us to live the Beatitudes through prayer and works of mercy.
Peace is a choice: it cannot be imposed and it isn’t found by chance.
If you want to reach the heart of God, take the way of mercy, and allow yourself to be treated with mercy. #SantaMarta
We ask that Jesus protect our Church always, that He protect Her with His mercy, granting each one of us His forgiveness. #SantaMarta
Goodness is loving and never imposes itself. It is a choice.
Meek and humble of heart, close to the people, with compassion, with meekness and tenderness. This is Jesus. #SantaMarta
It takes effort to always do good… The road to holiness is not for the lazy!
Let us deal with climate change through international cooperation: each person’s choices have repercussions on the life of everyone.
Only by giving our life do we conquer evil. This is what Don Pino Puglisi teaches: he lived to spread goodness.
In the suffering that ecclesial wounds cause us, we embrace the Cross of Christ, because evil can only be opposed with love.
Today the Church invites us to contemplate the Cross of Our Lord. Contemplating the Cross for us Christians means c… https://t.co/tOEbvAVstY
When I am merciful, I am a true child of the Father, because the Father is merciful. #SantaMarta
Mary our Mother knows the joys and difficulties that we experience along our journey.
Jesus came down on earth so that we could go up to heaven: this is the mystery of the Cross.
Let us involve ourselves in our relationship of love with Jesus and we will be able to perform good works that have… https://t.co/n41jUuPXFc
God never goes back on His love!
May the Virgin Mary help us abandon ourselves with joy to God’s plan for our lives.
Without the right to education there is no real freedom, which allows every person to be the protagonist of their own destiny!
Remember the more you give yourselves to others, the more you will receive and be happy!
Carry peace with you to give it to others with your life, with a smile, with works of charity. Saint Mother Teresa, pray for us!
Faith helps us grasp the meaning of life: God is with us and loves us infinitely.
True peace is a gift of God that springs from healed and reconciled hearts and reaches out to embrace the entire world.
May God's love become more and more the force that guides and directs our freedom.
May the Lord strengthen our efforts to care for our common home, and especially for water, a basic good that must b… https://t.co/piFinWiLTR
The love of Christ, welcomed with an open heart, changes us, transforms us, and makes us able to love.
We Christians do not have a product to sell, we communicate Life.
To pray is the first missionary task of every Christian. It is also the most effective.
If the Lord has gifted you with riches, it is in order to do lots of good things for others in His name.
Dear Mothers, be like Saint Monica and never give up. Pray unceasingly for your children.
May God’s blessing come down upon all your families, so that they may be places of love and forgiveness.
I ask our Blessed Mother to intercede for the healing of the survivors of abuse and to confirm every member of our… https://t.co/2gGyVcYNBR
Is there anything precious that endures at all? Even love itself? Love is God’s dream for us and for the whole huma… https://t.co/CDH2daAu67
Our world needs a revolution of love!  Let that revolution begin with you and your families!
The #Family is an icon of God: the bond between a man and a woman generates life and communion.
The #Family is the cradle of life and the school of love and acceptance. It is a window thrown open to the mystery of God.
We must protect the #Family. Our future depends on it.
The #Family is where hope is forged.
Today the World Meeting of #Families begins in Dublin. Let us join in prayer with all the families of the world, es… https://t.co/s0Y1sBn9ex
May the Holy Spirit grant us the grace of conversion and the interior anointing needed to express before crimes of… https://t.co/OyBT1EehCt
The Eucharist, Jesus the Bread of Life, is the beating heart of the Church and renews in us the impulse to love.
Love overcomes all difficulties. Love gives us the strength to carry on.
By embracing God’s love, we change the world and transform history.
Faith is nourished by memory: how many wonderful things God has done for us! How generous is our heavenly Father!
Mary, Mother of tenderness who is always near, teach us how to live and have faith.
Still today there are so many martyrs, so many who are persecuted for the love of Christ. They are the real strength of the Church!
Thanks to the gift of the Eucharist, our lives too become “bread broken” for our brothers and sisters.
In silence we learn to contemplate God’s works, which surpass all our imagination.
When we place ourselves at the service of our most vulnerable brothers and sisters we experience the joy of unconditional love.
The Kingdom of God grows in a mysterious and surprising way throughout the world with the power of a tiny seed.
Evil tries to convince us that death is the end of everything. But the Risen Christ reveals a new dimension of eternal life!
Jesus reveals the love-filled face of God.
The disciples’ experience on Mount Tabor is an invitation to us to abandon worldly things and to contemplate Jesus.
The Eucharist is our “reservation” for Heaven: Jesus leads us on our journey towards eternal life.
Support your priests with friendship and affection.
More than anything else, the life of a Christian is a grateful response to a generous Father.
Charity is the most effective form of witness, because in it people see the love of God.
Every Church member has a responsibility to become holy, by taking care of others.
Before helping others, we need to have a personal encounter with God: we need time to pray and to listen to His Word.
Hear the cry of our many brothers and sisters who are criminally trafficked and exploited. They are not merchandise… https://t.co/QQ6VLTnXIm
Holiness is not only about the spirit: it is also the feet that take us to our brothers and sisters, and the hands… https://t.co/bzQjoDvKfB
Grandparents are a treasure in the family. Please, take care of your grandparents: love them and let them talk to your children!
Prayer is never in vain: it always brings forth something new that, sooner or later, bears fruit.
God wants us to call Him Father, with the trust of children who abandon themselves in the arms of the One who gave them life.
Jesus invites us to build the civilization of love together in the situations we are called to live every day.
May the Virgin Mary, Mother and Queen of Carmel, accompany you on your daily journey towards the Mountain of God.
Try reading the Gospel for at least five minutes every day. You will see how it changes your life.
Europe rediscovers hope when the human person is at the heart of its institutions. St Benedict, pray for us!
You too are like the Good Samaritan when you recognize the face of Christ in those near you.
Every occasion is a good one to spread Christ's message!
May all humanity hear the cry of the children of the Middle East. Drying their tears the world will get back it's dignity.
The God of all consolation, who heals the broken hearts and takes care of the wounds, hear our prayer: Let there be… https://t.co/XdjswVh0Pl
The suffering of so many of our brothers and sisters, persecuted for the sake of the Gospel, is an urgent reminder… https://t.co/djNU5rQmpa
Do we know how to silence our hearts and listen to the voice of God?
We receive God's graces to share them with others.
I ask all of you to join me in prayer as I travel to Bari on Saturday on a pilgrimage to pray for peace in the long-suffering Middle East.
When we are firmly united to the God who loves and sustains us, we are able to withstand all life’s difficulties and challenges.
Every kind of material or spiritual poverty, every form of discrimination against our brothers and sisters, comes f… https://t.co/H14BP864OO
Let us pray for the new Cardinals: may they assist me in my ministry as Bishop of Rome, for the good of all God’s people.
We are called to assist the elderly, the sick and the unborn: life must always be protected and loved, from concept… https://t.co/mifiCye7tO
Torture is a mortal sin! Christian communities must commit themselves to helping victims of torture.
Faith in Jesus Christ frees us from sin, sadness, emptiness, isolation. It is the source of a joy that no one can ever take away.
Like St John the Baptist, Christians have to humble themselves so that the Lord can grow in their hearts.
Let us ask our Lord to help us understand that love is service, love means taking care of others.
Love for others needs to become the constant factor of our lives.
Praying together, walking together, working together: this is the way that leads to Christian unity. #WCC70
Dear young people, help us adults whose hearts are often hardened. Help us to choose the path of dialogue and harmony.
A person's dignity does not depend on them being a citizen, a migrant, or a refugee. Saving the life of someone fle… https://t.co/KcvavOLnZR
We encounter Jesus in those who are poor, rejected, or refugees. Do not let fear get in the way of welcoming our ne… https://t.co/HlaF4JkCip
Choosing to follow Christ helps build a more just, more friendly, more humane society, that is closer to the heart of God.
Let us try to express the joy of God’s Kingdom in every way possible!
Let us share the journey of refugees and migrants with concrete gestures of solidarity. #sharejourney https://t.co/JzbCKhVP1O
Invite the Holy Spirit to be part of your activities. Call upon Him before you even start: “Come, Holy Spirit!”.
Love is always at the service of others. Because love is seen in actions, not words.
I send my cordial greetings to all those following the World Soccer Championships that begin today in Russia. I hop… https://t.co/2wnFRH3WkE
No one is so poor they cannot give what they have, but first and foremost, who they are.
Never tire of encountering Jesus in prayer, in listening to the Word of God, and in receiving the Eucharist.
Children must be able to play, study and grow in a peaceful environment. Woe to anyone who stifles their joyful impulse to hope!
The Holy Spirit gives us the strength we need to achieve holiness in the midst of our everyday lives.
Whatever we do, let us sustain the voice of the Holy Spirit through practical good deeds and actions.
Mary is exactly what God wants His Church to be: a loving and humble Mother, poor in possessions but rich in love.
Let us ask the Lord to give us good priests: hardworking men, men of prayer, who are close to God’s people.
The Feast of the Sacred Heart reminds us that God loved us first: He is always waiting for us, welcoming us into His heart, into His love.
For those who are with Jesus, evil is just a provocation to love even more.
Loving Christ is not a superficial sentiment. It is an attitude of the heart that we demonstrate when we live as He wants us to.
Lord, reawaken in us a sense of praise and gratitude for our Earth, and for everything you have created.
The living presence of Christ within us is the light that guides our choices, the flame that warms our hearts as we go to meet the Lord.
On this Feast of Corpus Christi, we need to remember that Jesus, the Bread of Life, is our strength and support on life's journey.
Seek the Lord in prayer: He is the one who has called you.
Love can recognize good things even in bad situations. Love keeps a tiny flame alight even in the darkest night.
The Eucharist contains all the flavour of Jesus’ words and deeds, the taste of His Death and Resurrection, the fragrance of His Spirit.
When the Holy Spirit is present, something always happens. Where blows the Spirit, things are never at a standstill.
The Eucharist gives us the strength to produce the fruits of good works, and to live true Christian lives.
What lasts? What has value in life? What treasures don’t disappear?Definitely two: God and our neighbor.
The mystery of the Blessed Trinity invites us to live in communion with one another, in love and in sharing: certai… https://t.co/Bd2WmpUKDI
The Gospel calls us to live outside our comfort zone, because anyone who follows Jesus, loves the poor and the lowly.
Love of God and love of neighbour should be the two cornerstones of our lives.
Today we are united in prayer with our Catholic brothers and sisters in China, on the Feast of Our Lady Help of Christians of Sheshan.
A Church that loves the poor is always tuned to the God Channel. It never loses the Gospel signal.
A Christian’s life should be invested in Jesus, and spent for others.
God needs people who bring His forgiveness and His mercy into the world.
Holy Spirit, you who sustain the Church, come down upon us again, teach us unity, renew our hearts, and help us to love as Jesus taught us.
Never forget this golden rule: “Do to others what you would have them do to you” (Mt 7,12)
Mary lived Jesus’ Beatitudes like no other: she is saintly among the saints, she shows us the way to holiness and accompanies us.
God loves us in a way that crushes all loneliness and isolation.
