I DIDN'T KNOW THAT!😳😳... https://t.co/P1iBGpae1M
All clothing is unisex if you have the guts to wear it, much like your success in life.
Video games taught me that if I’m encountering enemies, I’m going the right way.
Someone missed a golden opportunity when they named their invention jet ski instead of boatercycle.
Being born in a rich family is like getting gifted a platinum membership in a game you just started.
Disneyland, the Happiest Place on Earth, is too expensive now for the poor families who need happiness the most.
Obsessive thinking is the mental equivalent of picking at scabs. It makes you feel like you are making progress but… https://t.co/ee5tlO9DW2
RT @heyitsmeabbyy: My bf got me a Christmas iphone case from https://t.co/eC1FiuUrmi 😍❤️I'm so lucky man 💫 https://t.co/mwPc4zeFQF
What if ALL the aliens in our universe peacefully coexist together, but they found Earth and saw that we couldn’t e… https://t.co/AelMq1MZyv
I wonder how many times I’ve seen the same bird without realizing it.
It’s weird to think that nighttime is the natural state of the universe and daytime is only caused by a nearby, radiating ball of flame.
RT @sydney_lowe69: Haha me when I mess up 😅 who can relate??! Love spending free time with TikTok: https://t.co/OjsmEzTGkt https://t.co/TA9…
Most employees don’t have their hard work recognized until they have left their position.
Some poor soul who isn’t a celebrity yet, just tweeted something that will be considered highly offensive in the fu… https://t.co/0CfqUys2LG
Someone is going to be that guy that dies a few minutes before we discover immortality.
I can’t read “What is love” to myself in my own voice, and that disturbs me.
I don’t believe in Santa Claus. But I hate people in movies who refuse to believe.
You should let your kids stay up however long they want but force them to go to school in the morning or they lose… https://t.co/J1JWQYL6Ne
Being sick at someone else’s house is 100 times worse than being sick at your own house.
Nothing makes you sweat like realizing you forgot to put on deodorant.
Dr. Strange basically just saved his game before the boss fight when fighting Dormammu.
Team Rocket wants to catch rare Pokémon when they already have the only one in the world that speaks.
I wonder if I’ve ever unknowingly started a chain of events that catastrophically changed someones life, for better or worse.
The new Google self driving cars should have a ‘I’m feeling lucky’ button, and when you pressed it, it would drive you somewhere random.
We really take for granted there aren’t any flying animals naturally higher than us on the food chain.
Knowingly or unknowingly, you are the bad guy of somebody else’s story.
Remember, no matter how disgusting and unwanted you feel, there are carnivorous animals out there that would think… https://t.co/igCYzRP0f9
If the world is 4.5 billion years old, let’s scale that to 45 years, humans have been on it for 4 hours and have de… https://t.co/PF6q4x1PLH
WALL-E came out 10 years ago and people still litter.
Holiday commercials are incredibly depressing when you’re poor.
0.01% of germs must have seen some serious shit.
A serial killer has probably watched a documentary on their unsolved crimes and laughed at the inaccuracies in the leads.
Having someone fall asleep in the car while you’re driving is the highest signal of trust you’ll ever receive.
How are unicorns fake but giraffes are real like what’s more believable a horse with a horn or a leopard-moose-camel with a 40 foot neck.
Anxiety is like the background music in horror movies, even if nothing bad is going on, if the music is playing you feel uneasy.
One day there is going to be a reboot of the Harry Potter movies, and an entire generation of us is going to hate everything about it.
Shoutout to all the cavemen who gave their lives to find out which plants are poisonous and which you can eat.
Hiring a hitman on yourself and preparing for battle is the ultimate extreme sport.
The first person to be sarcastic must’ve really had it hard explaining it to everyone.
People who say they can’t draw, can actually draw. It is just not appealing to the eye.
Education is learning what man has discovered over the past 5000 years, in 20 years or less.
Of all the bodily functions that could be contagious, thank goodness it’s the yawn.
I bet attractive people think the world is a lot more polite than it really is.
Wolverine could’ve saved more lives by becoming a multiple organ donor than being an x men.
Adults freak out when children interrupt them but when adults interrupt children they think it’s fine.
Remember the days when you dropped your phone and the battery would fall out, now you drop it and your heart falls out your arsehole.
You know you’re getting older when your friends are getting pregnant on purpose.
I hate opening presents in front of people because I’m not good at pretending to be excited.
November is kind of like thursday.
Hugging a pillow to sleep as an adult is a lot more socially acceptable than hugging a stuffed animal, even though… https://t.co/yIF3KsXEm2
If wedding bands went on your pinky, marriage would be the ultimate pinky promise.
I think I’ve mast**bated more times in my life than I’ve flossed.
Money may not make you happy, but it sure as hell removes all the extra stress that comes with being broke while unhappy.
2019 will probably be the last year that ends with “teen” for the rest of our lives.
Nothing makes you feel more disappointed than when we reach the same year a sci-fi movie takes place on and we stil… https://t.co/GRxYqb3KUv
Thanksgiving leftovers probably taste better because you get to eat them alone.
Anyone who bought a clown fish because they liked Finding Nemo missed the point.
Very shortly there will be a generation that doesn’t know that a computer mouse used to have a rollerball inside.
A period is like a person tearing down their party decorations in a rage because no one came.
As a kid, you’d find any reason to stay over a friends house. As an adult, you find any reason not to.
t would be great if instead of dreams you got ‘Loading’ screen life tips while you sleep.
The actors in the office acted in the office so they wouldn’t work in an office only to spend most of their acting career in an office.
You never realize how much force is put into each step until you hit your foot on a piece of furniture.
It is more socially acceptable to lose weight because of illness than it is to gain weight because of illness.
First, you believe in Santa Claus. Then, you don’t believe in Santa Claus. Then, you ARE Santa Claus. Finally, you look like Santa Claus.
Tom Holland is the last Spider-Man Stan Lee met.
The reason why dogs howl at the moon is because it’s the one ball they can’t fetch.
Final exams are only final if you pass them.
In an apocalypse scenario, the homeless would thrive whilst the majority of us will struggle severely with the adjustment.
You must complete 21 laps around the giant fireball in space before you can drink the yellow plant liquid that makes you thirsty.
Moms are able to magically find things because they are the ones who moved it in the first place.
Dating is just hanging out with someone until you figure out what’s wrong with them.
At some point, someone just decided that mint was going to be the smell for fresh breath.
Nobody would know who the worlds best liar was.
Somewhere out there is a Café owner catfishing on Tinder to lure more people into the café. Guaranteed.
Accents are fonts but for a person.
The 60’s, 70’s, 80’s, and 90’s seem to have all separate, unique personalities, but these last 18 years seem to jus… https://t.co/UijWRE6Vp0
I’d love to survive to the age where i have to put my planet on my address.
You know you’ve really reached adulthood when you start having opinions about grocery stores.
People that say go big or go home probably highly underestimate your willingness to go home.
I always fear that when creating a new password I will mistype it twice in the same way.
I would rather live somewhere that is permanently cold than hot. I can always add layers, but I can only get so naked.
According to a box of mac and cheese, I’m a family of four.
Whenever I see the same stranger multiple times, I can’t help but feel that life is telling me that I’m missing an important sidequest.
Real intelligence is admitting you have no idea what the f**k is going on.
If plants made gargling noises when being watered, a rainy day would be the most uncomfortable and awkward thing ever.
Next time a conspiracy theorist tries to tell you ‘what really happened’, present a more outlandish theory and accu… https://t.co/A8fIn0CBdW
The brain is the worst radio station. It plays songs on repeat all the time and half the lyrics are wrong.
While “don’t you dare” is grammatically fine, “do not you dare” just sounds plain wrong.
I love being around people and I love being alone. If I spend too much time doing either, I start to lose my mind.
Crazy how we can transmit data from Mars but Wifi still can’t reach people’s bedrooms.
Arguing with some people is like playing chess with a pigeon. You can make all the logical moves you want, but at s… https://t.co/6wdcysGS5W
If you ask your barber where he gets his hair cut, go there and slowly make your way up the chain you might just fi… https://t.co/5xW8X52HD0
Any activity that increases your lifespan but requires you to spend time doing it daily is just trading your young years for older years.
I miss getting party bags at the end of parties. Party bags were like the best part of the party. It’s like getting… https://t.co/DkkkXL1rSB
What if a deja vu was just a checkpoint in life to let you know you’re on track.
I wonder if I’m incredibly talented at something I just never tried doing.
When I see a typing mistake on the Internet, I check my keyboard to see if it’s a reasonable error or not.
Phones should allow you to set an alternate unlock code that loads a “clean” profile if someone asks to borrow it.
If Sign Language was the same the world over then it could be everyone’s second language and solve a lot of communication issues.
You and your old friends hung out for the last time and didn’t even know it.
It’s crazy how when the human mind reads caps lock text, IT SCREAMS IT IN YOUR HEAD. And then once gone, it goes back to normal.
Marvel could continue Stan Lee cameos by inserting photos of him at random places and scenes in every future Marvel… https://t.co/ORX02RxooI
Feeling a crunch in a non-crunchy food is one of the most terrifying experiences you can have while eating.
The same people who tell you to not get a tattoo because your taste will change will also tell you to be married to… https://t.co/SK9AnqacgE
If you run at 11pm you are a night person. If you run at 5am you are a morning person. If you run at 3am you are a suspicious person.
If reincarnation is real, but nonlinear, we could all be the same entity that is doomed to live out every life that… https://t.co/FryVgFTNUX
You never realize how many short cuts your keyboard has until your cat walks across it.
Farting just takes your discomfort, and distributes it to everyone in your immediate area.
After the release of Deadpool, Ryan Reynolds will always sound like Deadpool doing a Ryan Reynolds impression.
I only write etc. because i don't know more examples.
If you and a same sex friend are eating out and request just one check and the waitress sets it down in front of yo… https://t.co/PaW3J38CfW
Since everyone began carrying a high resolution camera around in their pocket, there doesn’t seem to be as many UFO sightings.
Elastigirl’s suit is blue and Mr. Incredible’s is red. Their first child is named Violet.
People re-type their entire password when they screw up one character because it messes up the cadence. A password… https://t.co/sZ5uqxDSrX
November 12th, 2018: The most ambitious crossover event in history. The creator of the marvel universe meets the Creator of the universe.
Shoutout to the people who smoked every single plant until they found the ones that make us high.
Stan Lee is now every bit as immortal as the heroes he created.
Grocery stores should have baskets in the middle of the store for those “I really overestimated how much I can carry” moments.
I stay up late because after 10 PM is the only time of day that no one expects me to do anything for them.
Thor Ragnarok is really about how nothing brings together two siblings like ganging up on the third one.
Technically, the biggest difference between surfing and snowboarding is just the temperature of the water.
Year, Decade, Century, Millennium. Each of them have the same amount of syllables as digits in their numerical form.
There are no medium rappers. There are only Big and Lil.
Picking up snow with bare hands is like holding soft, fluffy pain.
You never realize how long a minute is until you exercise.
There probably is at least one gay couple somewhere out there named Adam and Steve.
If humans purred, dating would be a lot easier.
You can’t explain what a colour looks like.
People are almost unanimously more interested in honoring the sacrifices of fallen soldiers than they are in preventing future wars.
Life is like an exam - the more time you spend on one problem, the less time you have for everything else.
People will tape over a laptop’s webcam, but willingly grant permissions to a mobile phone app for access to the front facing camera.
Picking up snow with bare hands is like holding soft, fluffy pain.
Only a few things are as terrifying as the realization that it’s a Sunday night when you thought it was still Saturday.
If crippling social anxiety had a mascot it would be a shivering chihuahua.
The problem with today’s working life is that a minimum wage employer expects a maximum commitment employee.
When you completely stop watching the news for a substantial period of time, the world becomes a much better place.
People would take a LOT more care of themselves if their stats showed up.
Being asked “Why are you depressed? Life is beautiful!” is like saying “Why do you have asthma? There is so much air!”
The hardest part of being depressed is acting like you’re not.
You probably saw a person today who you will never see again for the rest of your life.
In Elementary School we were taught about the different types of clouds like that was information adults used everyday.
Dogs hear us talk all day, but if they bark for more than a minute we tell them to stop it.
Recreational cannabis is allowed in 10 of 50 states as of now. That’s 4/20ths of all states.
Everyone accepts the idea that nobody is perfect, yet we get angry at people and judge them when they aren’t perfect.
The person you’ve communicated with most is yourself, via your internal monologue.
There can’t be demons under your bed if the mattress is on the floor.
There isn’t many more worse feelings then finding a great unique song by a new artist, and then realizing all of th… https://t.co/IJC1f7Pv5p
Archery is just long distance stabbing.
If you ever miss 2:20 just wait until 2:22 because 2:22 is 2:20 too.
You’re officially old when movies that came out when you were a kid are getting remade.
Gunpowder is just angry sand.
Mirrors don’t really break, they multiply.
Babies cry because they don’t understand the world, adults cry because they do.
Depression feels like seeing life for what it actually is, and realizing it’s the truth.
The phrase “killing time” is ironic because it’s really time that’s killing you.
We all wish superpowers existed but in reality humans can’t even handle different skin colors.
When blind people read a horror story in braille, they can feel if something bad is going to happen.
THOR RAGNAROK in a sentence - Man destroys his own planet because he did not want to share it with his sister after… https://t.co/KLR4Kb3SPN
The original Star Wars movies could instantly become a comedy if Darth Vaders breathing noise was a harmonica.
Quitting smoking is like planting a tree, best time to do so was 20 years ago, second best time is today.
Horses must be pissed off that dogs are man’s best friend seeing as how they literally carried our team for thousands of years.
They can regrow Harry Potter’s bones but can’t fix his eyesight.
Next year will be the last year that ends in ‘teen’ for the rest of (most) our lives.
You’re not weak for suffering from depression, you’re strong for still being alive.
One of the best feelings is that exact moment when you find out someone has the same sense of humour as you.
We often feel like school takes forever, but the previous years feel like they barely took any time at all.
Maybe voldemorts face is flat because he ran into the wrong pillar at the train station.
Say no to drugs, say yes to drugs.. it doesn’t matter what you tell drugs, because if you’re talking to drugs, you’re taking drugs.
If you legally had to complete at least 10 yoga classes before being permitted to wear yoga pants, the style would… https://t.co/UK5YqNrqS2
Parenting is recognizing your kid doing all of the things you used to do and deciding whether or not to let them get away with it.
You don’t really wash your hands, they actually wash each other while you just stand there and watch.
Great minds think alike, but stupid minds also think alike. Never underestimate the power of stupid in large amounts.
The fact that we can accidentally bite the insides of our cheeks has to be the biggest design flaw of the human body.
Maybe adults aren’t afraid of monsters under the bed anymore because we know that if we get eaten by one we won’t h… https://t.co/SKZVgtxe3C
Life is just a hallucination caused by breathing oxygen, because when you stop breathing it, everything goes away.
If teachers (who watch and teach kids all day) get paid the same amount per hour as a babysitter from each parent (… https://t.co/hUJyiOH24Z
You’ve probably once had a dream so vivid that you think it is a memory even though it never really happened.
No one in movies or games ever mishears or misunderstands anything that is said to them, unless it is relevant to the plot.
It feels worse to be late to class than to be absent.
Humanity s*cks because everyone thinks they’re a protagonist, and nobody wants to be a supporting character.
Getting vaccinated is like updating your antivirus software that’s inside you.
Not hiring someone because they have tattoos completely ignores the fact that they clearly have no issues with pain or commitment.
Calling your SO “honey” is immensely romantic. Honey never spoils, meaning your honey never stops being beautiful.
Adults think it is disrespectful when you don’t let them disrespect you.
Having social anxiety feels like you’re in a theatre play without a script.
If you aren’t confident about your looks, just remember that you look like your ancestors and they all got laid.
Your phone doesn’t autocorrect when you type in caps because it thinks you are angry and doesn’t want to get involved.
At some point in the future, telling kids that you were around before the internet will completely blow their minds.
You’ll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace.
Everyone is hiding their naked body from us. Our goal is to find someone and convince them to stop.
We always play with the toy we think is our dog’s favorite, but maybe they play with it the most because they think it’s OUR favorite.
Minds are like internet browsers. 17 tabs open, 7 of them are frozen and can’t figure out where the sounds are coming from.
Often when I say “excuse me” , in my mind I’m shouting “f**ing MOVE!”
If I had a dollar for every time I felt more emotion for a fictional character than a real person, I could pay for… https://t.co/WJOcqpFw47
LSD causes users to lose weight. - Obviously. You can’t eat when a dragon is guarding the fridge.
It would be weird if a human yelled out “Anyone wanna f**k?” but birds do it all day and nobody cares.
Usually, the uglier the laugh, the more genuine it is.
Your dog probably dreams about you.
Technically you can never skip breakfast, the first thing you eats breaks your fast.
